articles/azure-stack/azure-stack-deploy-template-powershell.md, before:

﻿<properties
	pageTitle="Deploy templates with PowerShell in Azure Stack | Microsoft Azure"
	description="Learn how to deploy a virtual machine using a template and PowerShell."
	services="azure-stack"
	documentationCenter=""
	authors="ErikjeMS"
	manager="byronr"
	editor=""/>

<tags
	ms.service="azure-stack"
	ms.workload="na"
	ms.tgt_pltfrm="na"
	ms.devlang="na"
	ms.topic="article"
	ms.date="02/29/2016"
	ms.author="erikje"/>

# Deploy templates in Azure Stack using PowerShell

Use PowerShell to deploy Azure Resource Manager (ARM) templates to the Azure Stack POC.

ARM templates deploy and provision all of the resources for your application in a single, coordinated operation.

> [AZURE.NOTE] If you work on the Client VM, you’ll need to first **uninstall** the existing Azure PowerShell module and then [download](http://aka.ms/azStackPsh) the latest Azure PowerShell SDK. 

## Authenticate PowerShell with Microsoft Azure Stack (required)

1.  Run the following PowerShell cmdlet to configure the environment, and authenticate a user.

    - Replace *DIRECTORY_TENANT_NAME* with the fully qualified name of your directory tenant. Typically a directory tenant name will look like mydirectorytenant.onmicrosoft.com.
	- Replace *SUBSCRIPTION_NAME* with the default provider subscription name.

```PowerShell

# Add the Microsoft Azure Stack environment
		
		$AadTenantId="DIRECTORY_TENANT_NAME"

# Configure the environment with the Add-AzureRmEnvironment cmdlet
		Add-AzureRmEnvironment -Name 'Azure Stack' `
    		-ActiveDirectoryEndpoint ("https://login.windows.net/$AadTenantId/") `
    		-ActiveDirectoryServiceEndpointResourceId "https://azurestack.local-api/"`
    		-ResourceManagerEndpoint ("https://api.azurestack.local/") `
    		-GalleryEndpoint ("https://gallery.azurestack.local/") `
    		-GraphEndpoint "https://graph.windows.net/"

		# Authenticate a user to the environment (you will be prompted during authentication)
		$privateEnv = Get-AzureRmEnvironment 'Azure Stack'
		$privateAzure = Add-AzureRmAccount -Environment $privateEnv -Verbose
		Select-AzureRmProfile -Profile $privateAzure

		# Select an existing subscription where the deployment will take place
		Get-AzureRmSubscription -SubscriptionName "SUBSCRIPTION_NAME"  | Select-AzureRmSubscription
```


## Run AzureRM PowerShell cmdlets

In this example, you'll run the following script to deploy a virtual machine to Azure Stack POC using an ARM template.

The VHD used in this example template is a default marketplace image (WindowsServer-2012-R2-Datacenter). If you want to target another VHD, you must first add an image to the Platform Image Repository as described in [Add an image to the Platform Image Repository](azure-stack-add-image-pir.md).

1.  Go to <http://aka.ms/AzureStackGitHub>, search for the **101-simple-windows-vm** template, and save it to the following location: c:\\templates\\azuredeploy-101-simple-windows-vm.json.

2.  In PowerShell, run the following deployment script.

  Replace *username* and *password* with your username and password. On subsequent uses, increment the value for the *$myNum* parameter. If you don’t do this, your previous virtual machine deployment will be overwritten.

```PowerShell
		# Set Deployment Variables
		$myNum = "001" #Modify this per deployment
		$RGName = "myRG$myNum"
		$myLocation = "local"
		$myBlobStorageEndpoint = "blob.azurestack.local"

		# Create Resource Group for Template Deployment
		New-AzureRmResourceGroup -Name $RGName -Location $myLocation

		# Deploy Simple IaaS Template
		New-AzureRmResourceGroupDeployment `
		    -Name "myDeployment$myNum" `
		    -ResourceGroupName $RGName `
		    -TemplateFile "c:\templates\azuredeploy-101-simple-windows-vm.json" `
		    -blobStorageEndpoint $myBlobStorageEndpoint `
		    -newStorageAccountName "mystorage$myNum" `
		    -dnsNameForPublicIP "mydns$myNum" `
		    -adminUsername "username" `
		    -adminPassword ("password" | ConvertTo-SecureString -AsPlainText -Force) `
		    -vmName "myVM$myNum" `
		    -windowsOSVersion "2012-R2-Datacenter"
```
3.  Open the Azure Stack portal, click **Browse**, click **Virtual machines**, and look for your new virtual machine (*myDeployment001*).

## Next steps

[Deploy templates with Visual Studio](azure-stack-deploy-template-visual-studio.md)

Commit message:

[Azure Stack] Add support to China Azure
China Azure use the endpoint "chinacloudapi.cn" instead of "windows.net".

articles/azure-stack/azure-stack-deploy-template-powershell.md, after:

﻿<properties
	pageTitle="Deploy templates with PowerShell in Azure Stack | Microsoft Azure"
	description="Learn how to deploy a virtual machine using a template and PowerShell."
	services="azure-stack"
	documentationCenter=""
	authors="ErikjeMS"
	manager="byronr"
	editor=""/>

<tags
	ms.service="azure-stack"
	ms.workload="na"
	ms.tgt_pltfrm="na"
	ms.devlang="na"
	ms.topic="article"
	ms.date="02/29/2016"
	ms.author="erikje"/>

# Deploy templates in Azure Stack using PowerShell

Use PowerShell to deploy Azure Resource Manager (ARM) templates to the Azure Stack POC.

ARM templates deploy and provision all of the resources for your application in a single, coordinated operation.

> [AZURE.NOTE] If you work on the Client VM, you’ll need to first **uninstall** the existing Azure PowerShell module and then [download](http://aka.ms/azStackPsh) the latest Azure PowerShell SDK. 

## Authenticate PowerShell with Microsoft Azure Stack (required)

1.  Run the following PowerShell cmdlet to configure the environment, and authenticate a user.

    - Replace *DIRECTORY_TENANT_NAME* with the fully qualified name of your directory tenant. Typically a directory tenant name will look like mydirectorytenant.onmicrosoft.com.
	- Replace *SUBSCRIPTION_NAME* with the default provider subscription name.
	- If you're using China Azure AD, please use "chinacloudapi.cn" to replace "windows.net" in the following cmdlets. You also also need to add "https://*.microsoftonline.cn" and "https://*.microsoftonline-p.cn" to your trusted website list.

```PowerShell

# Add the Microsoft Azure Stack environment
		
		$AadTenantId="DIRECTORY_TENANT_NAME"

# Configure the environment with the Add-AzureRmEnvironment cmdlet
		Add-AzureRmEnvironment -Name 'Azure Stack' `
    		-ActiveDirectoryEndpoint ("https://login.windows.net/$AadTenantId/") `
    		-ActiveDirectoryServiceEndpointResourceId "https://azurestack.local-api/"`
    		-ResourceManagerEndpoint ("https://api.azurestack.local/") `
    		-GalleryEndpoint ("https://gallery.azurestack.local/") `
    		-GraphEndpoint "https://graph.windows.net/"

		# Authenticate a user to the environment (you will be prompted during authentication)
		$privateEnv = Get-AzureRmEnvironment 'Azure Stack'
		$privateAzure = Add-AzureRmAccount -Environment $privateEnv -Verbose
		Select-AzureRmProfile -Profile $privateAzure

		# Select an existing subscription where the deployment will take place
		Get-AzureRmSubscription -SubscriptionName "SUBSCRIPTION_NAME"  | Select-AzureRmSubscription
```


## Run AzureRM PowerShell cmdlets

In this example, you'll run the following script to deploy a virtual machine to Azure Stack POC using an ARM template.

The VHD used in this example template is a default marketplace image (WindowsServer-2012-R2-Datacenter). If you want to target another VHD, you must first add an image to the Platform Image Repository as described in [Add an image to the Platform Image Repository](azure-stack-add-image-pir.md).

1.  Go to <http://aka.ms/AzureStackGitHub>, search for the **101-simple-windows-vm** template, and save it to the following location: c:\\templates\\azuredeploy-101-simple-windows-vm.json.

2.  In PowerShell, run the following deployment script.

  Replace *username* and *password* with your username and password. On subsequent uses, increment the value for the *$myNum* parameter. If you don’t do this, your previous virtual machine deployment will be overwritten.

```PowerShell
		# Set Deployment Variables
		$myNum = "001" #Modify this per deployment
		$RGName = "myRG$myNum"
		$myLocation = "local"
		$myBlobStorageEndpoint = "blob.azurestack.local"

		# Create Resource Group for Template Deployment
		New-AzureRmResourceGroup -Name $RGName -Location $myLocation

		# Deploy Simple IaaS Template
		New-AzureRmResourceGroupDeployment `
		    -Name "myDeployment$myNum" `
		    -ResourceGroupName $RGName `
		    -TemplateFile "c:\templates\azuredeploy-101-simple-windows-vm.json" `
		    -blobStorageEndpoint $myBlobStorageEndpoint `
		    -newStorageAccountName "mystorage$myNum" `
		    -dnsNameForPublicIP "mydns$myNum" `
		    -adminUsername "username" `
		    -adminPassword ("password" | ConvertTo-SecureString -AsPlainText -Force) `
		    -vmName "myVM$myNum" `
		    -windowsOSVersion "2012-R2-Datacenter"
```
3.  Open the Azure Stack portal, click **Browse**, click **Virtual machines**, and look for your new virtual machine (*myDeployment001*).

## Next steps

[Deploy templates with Visual Studio](azure-stack-deploy-template-visual-studio.md)
